[docs][authentication] Add Beyond Identity Passwordless Authentication Guide (#21133)
expo/expo: docs/pages/guides/authentication.mdx

</Box>
{/* End Azure */}

<Box
  name="Beyond Identity"
  createUrl="https://www.beyondidentity.com/developers/signup"
  image={ASSETS.beyondidentity}
>

| Website                             | Provider | PKCE      | Auto Discovery |
| ----------------------------------- | -------- | --------- | -------------- |
| [Sign Up][c-beyondidentity] | OpenID   | Supported | Available      |

> [c-beyondidentity]: https://www.beyondidentity.com/developers/signup
> [c-beyondidentity-docs]: https://developer.beyondidentity.com
> [c-beyondidentity-github]: https://github.com/gobeyondidentity/bi-sdk-react-native
> [c-beyondidentity-authenticator-config]: https://developer.beyondidentity.com/docs/v1/platform-overview/authenticator-config

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

We prefer links next to the term they are referencing.

> Beyond Identity allows developers to implement strong passwordless authentication based on public-private key pairs called "Universal Passkeys". All keys are cryptographically linked to the user and can be centrally managed using the Beyond Identity APIs. You will need a Universal Passkey before you can authenticate. 

> For information on Universal Passkeys, documentation and guides visit the [developer documentation][c-beyondidentity-docs].

> For a complete example app and installation instructions visit the sdk on [github][c-beyondidentity-github].

<Tabs tabs={["Auth Code w/ automatic invocation", "Auth Code w/ manual invocation"]}>
<Tab>

> Set your Beyond Identity [Authenticator Config][c-beyondidentity-authenticator-config]'s Invocation Type to <code>"Automatic"</code>. If "Automatic" is selected, Beyond Identity will automatically redirect to your application using the Invoke URL (the App Scheme or Univeral URL pointing to your application).

Reviewer: Thank you for making those changes and confirming my guess!

{/* prettier-ignore */}
```tsx Beyond Identity Auth Code w/ Invocation Type "Automatic"
import * as React from 'react';
import { makeRedirectUri, useAuthRequest, useAutoDiscovery } from 'expo-auth-session';
import { Button } from 'react-native';
/* @info Install the Beyond Identity Embedded SDK. This can only be used in standalone and bare workflow native apps. This SDK cannot be used in the Expo Go app. */
import { Embedded } from '@beyondidentity/bi-sdk-react-native';
/* @end */

export default function App() {
  // Endpoint

>   const discovery = useAutoDiscovery(`https://auth-${REGION}.beyondidentity.com/v1/tenants/${TENANT_ID}/realms/${REALM_ID}/applications/${APPLICATION_ID}`);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  const discovery = useAutoDiscovery(`https://auth-${region}.beyondidentity.com/v1/tenants/${tenant_id}/realms/${realm_id}/applications/${application_id}`);
```

In our docs, we usually follow the style of note capitalizing variable names in template literals.

  // Request
  const [request, response, promptAsync] = useAuthRequest(
    {

>       clientId: `${CLIENT_ID}`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      clientId: `${client_id}`,
```

      scopes: ['openid'],
      redirectUri: makeRedirectUri({

>         /* @info The URI <code>[scheme]://</code> to be used in bare and standalone. If undefined, the <code>scheme</code> property of your app.json or app.config.js will be used instead. */

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        /* @info The URI <code>[scheme]://</code> to be used in bare and standalone. If undefined, the <code>scheme</code> property in your app.json or app.config.js is used instead. */
```

        scheme: 'your.app'
        /* @end */
      }),
    },
    discovery
  );

  React.useEffect(() => {
    const authenticate = async (url) => {
      // Display UI for user to select a passwordless passkey
      const passkeys = await Embedded.getPasskeys();

      if (await Embedded.isAuthenticateUrl(url)) {
        // Pass url and a selected passkey ID into the Beyond Identity Embedded SDK authenticate function
        /* @info Parse query parameters from the 'redirectUrl' for a 'code' and then exchange that code for an access token */
        const { redirectUrl } = await Embedded.authenticate(url, passkeys[0].id);
        /* @end */
      }
    };

>      /* @info The response does not need to be of type 'success' if it has a url. The state value is stored in a JWT in the url 'request' paramater and the url will be validated through the Beyond Identity Embedded SDK.  */

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     /* @info The response does not need to be of type 'success' if it has a url. The state value is stored in a JWT in the url 'request' parameter, and the url will be validated through the Beyond Identity Embedded SDK. */
```

     if (response?.url) {
     /* @end */
      authenticate(url)
    }
  }, [response]);

  return (
    <Button
      /* @info Disable the button until the request is loaded asynchronously. */
      disabled={!request}
      /* @end */
      title="Passwordless Login"
      onPress={() => {
        /* @info Prompt the user to authenticate in a user interaction or web browsers will block it. */
        promptAsync();
        /* @end */
      }}
    />
  );
}
```
</Tab>

<Tab>

> Set your Beyond Identity [Authenticator Config][c-beyondidentity-authenticator-config]'s Invocation Type to <code>"Manual"</code>. If "Manual" is selected, an authentication URL be returned to you as part of a JSON response. No redirects are needed and will not require authentication through a web service. The result is a completley silent OAuth 2.0 authentication using Passkeys. Since the challenge is packaged as part of the authentication URL, following the URL will result in the same behavior as if an Invocation Type of "Automatic" were selected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Set your Beyond Identity [Authenticator Config's](https://developer.beyondidentity.com/docs/v1/platform-overview/authenticator-config) Invocation Type to **Manual**. 
- If **Manual** is selected, an authentication URL is returned as part of a JSON response. No redirects are needed and do not require web service authentication. The result is a completely silent OAuth 2.0 authentication using Passkeys. Since the challenge is packaged as part of the authentication URL, following the URL will result in the same behavior as if an Invocation Type of **Automatic** were selected.
```

I'm not sure I understand the context here for the following terms:
- the challenge is packaged...
- following the URL will result...

Author: "The challenge is packaged", is basically saying the authentication challenge is part of the authentication URL. So "following", like taking that URL and pasting it into a browser will continue the authentication as if you were doing an **Automatic** authentication. 

But, the more I think about it, it might be less confusing to just remove that part. The top of the paragraph is all you need to know about why you'd want to pick **Manual**.

Reviewer: Thank you!

> {/* prettier-ignore */}

Reviewer: ```suggestion

{/* prettier-ignore */}
```

> ```tsx Beyond Identity Auth Code w/ Invocation Type "Manual"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```jsx Auth code
```

> import * as React from 'react';

Reviewer: ```suggestion
import { useEffect } from 'react';
```

Author: This one doesn't actually use `useEffect` so I'll change it to `import React from 'react';`

Reviewer: Sounds good!

import { Button } from 'react-native';

> /* @info Install the Beyond Identity Embedded SDK. This can only be used in standalone and bare workflow native apps. This SDK cannot be used in the Expo Go app. */

Reviewer: ```suggestion
/* @info Import the Beyond Identity Embedded SDK.*/
```

import { Embedded } from '@beyondidentity/bi-sdk-react-native';
/* @end */

export default function App() {
  async function authenticate() {

>     const BeyondIdentityAuthUrl = `https://auth-${REGION}.beyondidentity.com/v1/tenants/${TENANT_ID}/realms/${REALM_ID}/applications/${APPLICATION_ID}/authorize?response_type=code&client_id=${CLIENT_ID}&redirect_uri=${URI_ENCODED_REDIRECT_URI}&scope=openid&state=${STATE}&code_challenge_method=S256&code_challenge=${PKCE_CODE_CHALLENGE}`;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    const BeyondIdentityAuthUrl = `https://auth-${region}.beyondidentity.com/v1/tenants/${tenant_od}/realms/${realm_id}/applications/${application_id}/authorize?response_type=code&client_id=${client_id}&redirect_uri=${uri_encoded_redirect_uri}&scope=openid&state=${state}&code_challenge_method=S256&code_challenge=${pkce_code_challenge}`;
```

    let response = await fetch(BeyondIdentityAuthUrl, {
      method: 'GET',
      headers: new Headers({
        'Content-Type': 'application/json',
      }),
    });
    const data = await response.json();

    // Display UI for user to select a passwordless passkey
    const passkeys = await Embedded.getPasskeys();

    if (await Embedded.isAuthenticateUrl(data.authenticate_url)) {
      // Pass url and selected Passkey ID into the Beyond Identity Embedded SDK authenticate function
      /* @info Parse query parameters from the 'redirectUrl' for a 'code' and then exchange that code for an access token */
      const { redirectUrl } = await Embedded.authenticate(data.authenticate_url, passkeys[0].id);
      /* @end */
    }
  }

  return (
    <Button
      title="Passwordless Login"
      onPress={authenticate}
    />
  );
}
```
</Tab>

</Tabs>

> 

Reviewer: If you want, I'd suggest adding Complete GitHub repo example link here.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a complete example app, see [SDK's GitHub repository](https://github.com/gobeyondidentity/bi-sdk-react-native).
```

I'd suggest adding Complete GitHub repo example link here.
